Add Linear Types in documentation (#39)
glu-lang/glu-book: _docs/understanding_linear_types.md

## Using Linear Types

In Glu, linear types are declared using the `@linear` attribute. This attribute is only available for struct types and indicates that the struct is a linear type. Here is an example of a linear type declaration:

```glu
@linear struct LinearIntPtr {
    value: *Int,
}
```

In this example, the `LinearIntPtr` struct is declared as a linear type using the `@linear` attribute. The struct contains a single field `value` of type `*Int`, which is a pointer to an integer value.

When working with linear types, it is important to consume resources exactly once to prevent resource leaks. This means that you must consume a linear resource exactly **once and only once**. If you try to use a linear resource more than once, you will get a compile-time error.

```glu
func createPointer(value: Int) -> LinearIntPtr {
    let result: LinearIntPtr = { value: &value };
    return result;
}

func usePointer(ptr: LinearIntPtr) {
    ... // Do something with the struct
}

func main() {
    let ptr: LinearIntPtr = createPointer(42);
    usePointer(ptr);
    // If you try to use ptr again here, you will get a compile-time error
}
```

> In this example, the `createPointer` function creates a `LinearIntPtr` struct and returns it. The `usePointer` function takes a `LinearIntPtr` struct as an argument and consumes it. Once the `LinearIntPtr` struct is consumed by the `usePointer` function, it cannot be reused or duplicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `createPointer` function creates a value of type `LinearIntPtr` and returns it. The `usePointer` function takes a `LinearIntPtr` as an argument and consumes it (as it is not taking a reference to it). Once it’s consumed by the `usePointer` function, it cannot be reused or duplicated.
```
The struct was defined above. In the function, we have a value with a type, we don’t have a type.

> But, if you not use the `LinearIntPtr` struct, you will get a compile-time error. This is because linear types must be consumed exactly once to prevent resource leaks and ensure proper cleanup. If you don't want to consume the linear type, you can use the `std::discard` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, if you don’t use the value of type `LinearIntPtr`, you will get a compile-time error. This is because linear values must be consumed exactly once to prevent resource leaks and ensure proper cleanup. If you don't want to consume the value, you can use the `std::discard` function to leak it.
```

```glu
func main() {
    let ptr: LinearIntPtr = createPointer(42);
    // If you not use the linear element, you will get a compile-time error

    // Or, consume it like this
    std::discard(ptr);
}
```

> In this example, the `std::discard` function is used to consume the `LinearIntPtr` struct without using it. This allows you to discard the linear resource and prevent a compile-time error. However, be aware that this will **leak the value**, so use it only if you know what you are doing.

Reviewer: Don’t repeat yourself, add this sentence above to have a complete paragraph with all the information

In Glu, linear types are used to manage resources that require explicit cleanup, such as file handles, network sockets, and memory. By using linear types, you can ensure that resources are properly released and prevent memory leaks and other resource-related issues.

## Using Linear Types

In Glu, linear types are declared using the `@linear` attribute. This attribute is only available for struct types and indicates that the struct is a linear type. Here is an example of a linear type declaration:

```glu
@linear struct LinearIntPtr {
    value: *Int,
}
```

In this example, the `LinearIntPtr` struct is declared as a linear type using the `@linear` attribute. The struct contains a single field `value` of type `*Int`, which is a pointer to an integer value.

When working with linear types, it is important to consume resources exactly once to prevent resource leaks. This means that you must consume a linear resource exactly **once and only once**. If you try to use a linear resource more than once, you will get a compile-time error.

```glu
func createPointer(value: Int) -> LinearIntPtr {

>     let result: LinearIntPtr = { value: &value };

Reviewer: this example creates a pointer on a temporary. not a good example
